## Ethical Implications:
With building our email client application there are many ethical and professional responsibilities that must be followed to ensure that our application is both effective and safe for any users that use the program. One of the most important ethical responsibilities that come with building an email client is maintaining protection of the user’s information/data. This means that we should have proper security measures in place to prevent unauthorized access into a user’s account and not having their information shared to any third-party sources. Another ethical responsibility that is a part of an email client is accessibility which means allowing everyone to be able to use the client across different platforms such as phone, computer, etc without any limitations. For professional responsibilities, data protection is still important with protecting user data and also having transparency with users of the program with how their data will be collected, used and how they can control it. Some other professional responsibilities would include reliability/performance of the client to ensure the program won’t crash while in use and customer support for any user that may have problems while using the client. Engineering solutions have a major impact on global,economic, environmental and societal contexts, especially our email client which is an essential tool for communication for people around the world. From the global and societal context, email clients are an important aspect of reaching out to individuals all across the world that may use different languages and being able to communicate with them which is why they should be compatible with multiple languages. From the economical context, email clients are integral in communicating while running a business and being more efficient with deals/transactions. Lastly, email clients are very beneficial for the environment because of their reduced carbon footprint  and resource usage of sending messages instead of having to mail them to people. When building our email client we should adhere to our ethical and professional responsibilities while also taking into account the impact our application has on global,economic, environmental, and societal contexts. This in turn will help us create an effective email client that will enhance every user’s interactions. 
